Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, after creating an account where they're just going to leave the value letters, both of them are
okay not to do this.
I'm going to go back to our PSA code.
Okay.
Now over the submit button.
This is the register button.
What we can do is.
Instead of having justice, we can use a function so we can accommodate orders.
Okay, so the first thing is the kind of user.
Okay, great.
Now we don't want to trigger this function, but as well we want a clear.
Or does it use so that the cloud is fields?
All we have to do is just the full name.
Sorry.
A tape recorder on the school phone.
Then Control start.
Claire Okay, so this was the Claire Danes codename where they're going to do it for the user name.
Until they're what?
Claire.
Then also on the score.
I think we call this email cultural dot world.
Claire Okay.
This is going to be as well on this call password.
Popular thought.
Okay, good.
Natalie's contribution is to save this.
Okay.
Now you're going to try to click on this stuff.
Okay, great.
Now you can see all the shows.
Our.
Click.
So not a dispute.
But the values are the values.
What's clear out of this feels like, regardless, an account has been created for you.
Okay.
That is the.
Right.
So we said if it is not a it is sources that resembles be an error on the water it's on the arrow health
we want to say congratulations account as and create that so I think accounts are created a kickoff
on this by going to either our player base or the block or search cause they also change in the in the
house.
Okay.
Good.
Okay, guys, see you in the next picture.